---
title: "Wednesday December 17, 2025"
category: "Software Development"
created_at: "2025-12-17T16:38:50.440Z"
updated_at: "2025-12-17T16:38:50.440Z"
tags:
  - "sales-history"
  - "frontend"
status: "published"
summary: "Merging Sales History changes and writing holiday card"
author: "JT Houk"
location: "Montreal"
images: []
---

## Projects

### Sales History Improvements

Merged the time range filter changes into the megabranch today after some refactoring.
I also finished the sale total filter changes and submitted a PR for review.

## Life

### Sleep

Last night I had insomnia again. I took a melatonin around midnight but it still took me until about 2am to fall asleep.
I went to bed even earlier last night around 10:30pm, so I'm not sure why I'm having such a hard time sleeping lately.

### Holidays

Gonna work on our Christmas card today with the biggest life updates from this year:

- JT fired (Feb) & hired (Jun) & now works in a castle in dream job with a 5 year work permit
- (Feb) Trav & Carlin wedding! Went traveling to China, taking trains from Beijing to Travis's hometown in Jiujiang where the wedding was, then to Shanghai and back home to Montreal.
- (Mar) Toronto trip to visit Emma
- (Apr) Ludvig visit for fame and fortune. We take a roadtrip to Quebec city together and share his first beavertail.
- (May) Nicole job switch & won visa lottery for 2 year open work permit
- (Jun) We got married!! China crew, hometown friends, and family all came
- (Jul) JT went to the US for a visa run & to celebrate America's birthday with the Houk clan in Maryland.
- (Jul) Camp Moon - May's birthday camping trip where we swam in a lake, crafted, and frolicked in the forest.
- (Nov) Challetween - rented a 200 year old former mayor's challet in Bolœil with friends for Halloween weekend. Nicole ran a minions themed murder mystery.
- (Dec) Spending our Christmas with cool friends, hot chocolate, and plenty of fluffy snow to frolick in.

Merry Christmas from Montreal! We miss you all so much and wanted to share the incredible year we've had.

Winter: Returning to China for the first time since COVID, we traveled the country in style by highspeed rail with Zoe, Dan, and Toby to make it to Travis and Carlin's wedding.
We were huddling in the Hutongs of Beijing, poppin wheelies around nightmarkets in Wuhan, and being honored as groomsmen in Travis & Carlin’s beautiful wedding in Jiujiang.
We trekked kilometers of marshlands in Lushan to the abandoned Fallen Star Temple to launch fireworks purchased at a convenience store in town,
fought shingles in Hangzhou, and ended our trip with well earned hot springs in Shanghai.

Spring: We visited Emma in Toronto and road-tripped to Quebec City with Ludvig to share his first BeaverTail.
JT got fired (boo) then hired (hurray) at a dream job working in a castle with a 5-year permit,
while Nicole switched jobs and won the visa lottery (which is a real thing) so she's now on a 2-year open work permit.

Summer: We got married you know! We are still so incredibly grateful to everyone who flew into Montreal to celebrate with us and create unforgettable memories we will cherish forever.
Afterwards, JT made a pilgrimage to the Houk clan in Maryland to celebrate America's birthday and get his visa issued.
Then in July we went camping with friends to celebrate May's birthday at Camp Moon where we fell out of a tree in a lake, made friendship bracelets, and frolicked in the forest.

Fall: Celebrated Challetween by renting a 200-year-old chalet in Belœil, where Nicole hosted a Minions-themed murder mystery and I had the honor of being murdered for my birthday.

Now, we are spending our Christmas with cool friends, hot chocolate, and plenty of fluffy, frolickable snow, missing our friends and family very much.

Love you all,
Mr. and Mrs.
JT & Nicole
