---
  title: "Star Date September 25, 2025"
  category: "coding"
  created_at: "2025-09-25T12:00:00.000Z"
  updated_at: "2025-09-25T12:00:00.000
  tags: 
    - "coding"
    - "dev"
    - "log"
    - "journal"
  description: Cash Movement Report, Offline Mode Costs
  status: "published"
  summary: ""
  author: "JT Houk"
  location: "Montreal"
  images: []
---

## Projects

### Cash Movement Report

Insaf was busy yesterday so we'll need to do the onboarding today. I'll take this opportunity to fill out the epic details for the Cash Movement Report in Jira as well.
I need to create a new feature flag for the frontend work in the feature service.
Got some feedback from Thomas on merchant insights on my PR in sql2bq so I'll need to address those comments as well.
I'll focus on creating demo data and testing the end-to-end flow of data from the local db to BigQuery using sql2bq.
I might need to open a request in #xs-platform-requests to get someone to help review and merge my PR in gaia-basecamp.
The report endpoint turned out to be public but it doesn't have any documentation in the [API docs](https://x-series-api.lightspeedhq.com/reference) so I need to create a ticket to add that as well.

- Added some resources to the Cash Movement Report epic in Jira.
- Onboarded Insaf and Vicky to the Cash Movement Report project and walked them through the current state of the project and what needs to be done next.
- Created a new feature flag to put the report nav route behind at `LRX_20791_cash_movement_report`.
- Addressed Thomas's comments on my PR in sql2bq and made the requested changes.
- Struggled with nobob to get cash management working locally in order to create local test data.

## Investigations

### Offline Mode Costs

I'm going to push this to next week since I have a lot on my plate with the Cash Movement Report right now.

## Miscellaneous

## Learning

I'm going to start preparing for the AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate exam. I can lay out a study plan and gather resources to help me prepare for the exam.
