---
title: "Star Date September 18, 2025"
category: "Data Engineering"
created_at: "2025-09-18T12:00:00.000Z"
date: "2025-09-18"
updated_at: "2025-09-18T12:00:00.000Z"
tags:
  - "cash-movement-report"
  - "bigquery"
  - "gcp"
  - "code-review"
  - "infrastructure"
description: Cash Movement Report, Offline Mode Costs, Code Reviews, Miscellaneous
status: "published"
summary: "A log of my daily coding activities."
author: "JT Houk"
location: "Montreal"
images: []
---

## Projects

### Cash Movement Report

Today I need to add the selling experience team to the gaia-basecamp BigQuery access variables to allow us to view and edit datasets in the GCP console.

- I was confused by the generated files that were updated in the example PR.
  I had to dig into the docs a bit and found a tool called `jinn` and `jinn-gaia` as well as some older commits pointing me to some template files to update before.
  I'll need to verify this is the intended way to do this with the platform team or familiar with the process.
- Requested write access to the "Lightspeed Retail" organization in Github to be able to create the PR.
- Created a PR to add the selling experience team to the gaia-basecamp BigQuery access variables.

## Investigations

### Offline Mode Costs

I will look into the endpoints involved in the catalog sync on register bootup to list them and try to get an approximation of how often they would be called.
Once I get this, I can message Stephen Boswell to see if there's anything else I can consider and compare my findings with his understanding.

## Code Reviews

Dania has a PR open for enabling line item splitting in training mode in the register.

## Miscellaneous

My OCD is making me configure my iStat menus to properly configure my menu bar for minimalism and utility.

I also need to submit referals for Yongmin, Sylvie, and Luiz.

In HQ news, my mini rose has 5 full flowers and one more bud about to bloom.
The spider mites have mostly been eradicated after two days of using Fidel's soapy spray,
though I think I still saw a few eggs on the leaves today so I did another spray today to be safe over the weekend.

- I've updated my iStat menus to be more minimal and useful.
- Submitted referals for Yongmin and Luiz, but I'm waiting on Sylvie to send me her cover letter.
