---
title: "Star Date: Monday September 29, 2025"
category: "Data Engineering"
created_at: "2025-09-29T12:00:00.000Z"
date: "2025-09-29"
updated_at: "2025-09-29T12:00:00.000Z"
tags:
  - "cash-movement-report"
  - "database"
  - "debugging"
  - "documentation"
status: "published"
summary: "Discoveries and setbacks while working on the Cash Movement Report and ideas for improving documentation with AI."
author: "JT Houk"
location: "Montreal"
images: []
---

## Projects

### Cash Movement Report

I need to get the test data in my local db to upload to BigQuery using sql2bq.
  Having trouble getting cash management working locally to generate test data and I don't see any way to submit the data in graphQL playground.
I'm waiting on the platform team to review and merge my PR in gaia-basecamp (not urgent).
Thomas from Insights left some good feedback on my PR in sql2bq to make it more inline with what we will need for production so I'll need to address those comments as well.

- Discussed public documentation for the cash movement report endpoint with Insights team and need input from Sammy and Laurence on their reservations.
- Discovered user_id is does not have a foreign key constraint to users table in the cash_movement table.
  We should probably look into adding that constraint to ensure data integrity.
- Setback with nobob to get cash management working locally to generate test data so had to manually insert test data into the local db which is time consuming.

## Investigations

### Offline Mode Costs

I'll try to get to this after I finish the foundational work for the Cash Movement Report.

## Ideas

With the acceleration of AI tool integration in the company and the apparent need for better documentation and onboarding processes,
I think we could benefit from creating a workflow to generate documentation for our internal tools and processes using AI as part of the development cycle.
This could involve integrating AI tools to automatically generate initial drafts of documentation based on code comments, commit messages, and other relevant information.
This would not only help in keeping our documentation up-to-date but also make it easier for new team members to get up to speed with our tools and processes.
We could start by identifying key areas where documentation is lacking or outdated and then pilot the AI integration in those areas to evaluate its effectiveness.

## Personal

Getting a haircut this Friday.
